[Docs] Add a gif in upgrade doc (#6086)
skypilot-org/skypilot: docs/source/reference/api-server/api-server-upgrade.rst

* For non-critical on-going requests (e.g. ``sky logs``), it cancells them and return an error to ask client retry;
* For new requests, it returns an error to ask client retry;

> SkyPilot Python SDK and CLI will retry until the new version of API server start and resume the workflow:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
SkyPilot Python SDK and CLI will automatically retry until the new version of API server starts, and ongoing requests (e.g., tailing logs) will automatically resume:
```
